Clarifications to Jira extension docs (#4)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph-jira: README.md

# Jira extension for Sourcegraph

> A [Sourcegraph extension](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/extensions) that enhances GitHub with better [Jira](https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira) integration.

Reviewer: @emchap You're right, only cloud supports API tokens (server uses [oauth](https://developer.atlassian.com/server/jira/platform/oauth/) or [usr+pass](https://developer.atlassian.com/server/jira/platform/basic-authentication/) it looks like). Since they're sunsetting Jira server over the [next 1-3 years](https://www.atlassian.com/blog/announcements/journey-to-cloud) I think this isn't something we need to support, but I agree with adding a note that it only works for cloud. 
```suggestion
A [Sourcegraph extension](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/extensions) that enhances GitHub with better [Jira Cloud](https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira) integration.
```

1. Install the [Sourcegraph browser extension](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/browser_extension).
   - In the Sourcegraph browser extension options menu, click the gear (⚙️) and enable **Experimental link previews** and **Experimental text field completion**.
1. [Enable the Jira extension](https://sourcegraph.com/extensions/sourcegraph/jira) in the Sourcegraph extension registry (requires sign-in to Sourcegraph).
1. Configure the Jira extension in [Sourcegraph user settings](https://sourcegraph.com/user/settings): `jira.apiToken`, `jira.url`, and `jira.username`. See info below.
1. Visit any text area, comment, PR, or issue on GitHub and try the [features](#features) below.

If using GitHub Enterprise, right-click on the Sourcegraph browser extension icon when you're on a GitHub Enterprise page and select **Enable Sourcegraph on this domain**.

## Configuring user settings

> The `jira.apiToken`, `jira.url`, and `jira.username` values should be added as top-level strings in the user settings (outside of the `extensions` object), eg:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `jira.apiToken`, `jira.url`, and `jira.username` values should be added as top-level keys in the user settings (outside of the `extensions` object), eg:
```

Author: @felixfbecker Great point for screen readers! Thank you. :)

```
{
	"extensions": {
		"sourcegraph/jira": true
	},
	"jira.apiToken": "token",
	"jira.url": "https://example.atlassian.net",
	"jira.username": "user@example.com"
}
```

> Follow [these instructions](https://confluence.atlassian.com/cloud/api-tokens-938839638.html) to generate a Jira Cloud API token. The `jira.url` should be the base URL for your Jira instance, eg `https://example.atlassian.net/`. The `jira.username` is the email address you use to authenticate with Jira.

Reviewer 2: For accessibility links should generally be descriptive and not just say "this"/"these", because screen readers will only read that and not the context when tab-focusing the link.
```suggestion
Follow [Atlassian's instructions on API tokens](https://confluence.atlassian.com/cloud/api-tokens-938839638.html) to generate a Jira Cloud API token. The `jira.url` should be the base URL for your Jira instance, e.g. `https://example.atlassian.net/`. The `jira.username` is the email address you use to authenticate with Jira.
```
